# Interesting Information about Software and Video Games
  
  [Try this as an example](https://8bitplay.com/blog/many-reasons-to-quit-your-software-engineering-job-and-move-to-game-development)  
  
This article discusses the benefits of being a software engineer in the gaming industry, or being a game designer, as opposed to one in the normal information technology industry.The gaming industry likes software engineers as workers because the work in both industries are very similar. Not only is the thought process, but also the technologies and programming languages used. The industry is also growing fast significantly. As shown in the graph from this article, almost every type of video game product has generated more revenue consistenyl from previous years. It is also projected this trend will continue and for the next few years in the future.


## David Acevedo's (daa467) comment

The artcle did make a compelling argument as to why software developers should try a switch into the gaming industry. For one, the article states that in many cases software developers do not feel fulfilled with the work they do as often times they are simply creating a piece of software which they may not have a large interest for. However, as per the article, in the case of the gaming industry, developers do feel that sense of fulfillment as they more often than not are working on something that is interesting -- games. Moreover, this fullfillment also comes from the fact that at the end of the development, the product is launched and not only as a developer do you get to enjoy it, but others do as well. In my opinion, this argument alone compelled me to consider the gaming industry as for the past 2 years, I've been thinking about how I can fullfill myself through software development and this article provided me with an option. 

However, one gripe I had with the article was how  it did not discuss in depth why transitioning into game development would be a hard task. All the article stated was that it is a hard transition and that there is a caring community to help you through it. If this article is trying to get people to consider gaming development, it should be upfront with what 'difficulties' said people will encounter.